README.md, before:

###Welcome to DiscMan!

This app is designed to help you find similar discs from other manufacturers based on a chosen disc. Pick a manufacturer, then pick a disc from this maker, and you'll be presented with an array of discs with the same flight numbers.

###To Run This App
Clone down this repo, and change directories into the folder you've cloned down. Run `npm install`, once that's finished, run `npx webpack` to babel-ify and minify the code into your bundle.js. Once this has completed, you can run `node server/start.js` and open your browser to localhost:8080.

###But there is another way
If you're fancy, and you have docker installed, and don't mind building and running it locally, you can run `docker build . -t ${your preferred image name}` and once your docker image has built, run `docker run -p 8080:8080 ${whatever you named the image}`, then head to localhost:8080 in your browser.

###Of course both of these local run methods require a bit of tweaking.
First check out the database/index.js file and input your local mysql db credentials, and if you're running it via docker, change `localhost` to `host.docker.internal`. You will also need to seed your local db with the discs themselves, but this csv is not currently available in the repo, so... sorry.

Have fun finding some new discs, maybe even from manufacturers you haven't heard of!

Commit message:

Updating readme, discs csv, and db schema

README.md, after:

### Welcome to DiscMan!

This app is designed to help you find similar discs from other manufacturers based on a chosen disc. Pick a manufacturer, then pick a disc from this maker, and you'll be presented with an array of discs with the same flight numbers.

### Before you start!
Before running the app at all, you will need to create and populate the DB that the app connects to. To do so, clone down this repo, `cd` into the home directory, then check out public/assets/schema.sql. Here you should find directions for populating your local DB. Double check your pathing on line 42 of that file.

### To Run This App
Now that you have your DB running, make sure to cd into the home directory, and run `npm install`, once that's finished, run `npx webpack` to babel-ify and minify the code into your bundle.js. Once this has completed, you can run `node server/start.js` and open your browser to localhost:8080.

### But there is another way
If you're fancy, and you have docker installed, and don't mind building and running it locally, you can run `docker build . -t ${your preferred image name}` and once your docker image has built, run `docker run -p 8080:8080 ${whatever you named the image}`, then head to localhost:8080 in your browser.

Have fun finding some new discs, maybe even from manufacturers you haven't heard of!
